Prepare for release 2.17.0 (#985)
nf-core/ampliseq: CHANGELOG.md

- [#964](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/pull/964),[#968](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/pull/968) - Enabled local reference storage directory with `--ref_taxonomy_storage`.
- [#972](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/pull/972) - Amended information about merging in the `overall_summary.tsv` and the summary report.
- [#978](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/pull/978) - `--binned_quality` (string, comma separated quality bins) uses DADA2's built-in function to handle quality binned fastq data.

> - [#981](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/pull/981) - Standardized samplesheet column names to match nf-core conventions (legacy samplesheet is still valid)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#981](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/pull/981) - Standardized sample sheet column names to match nf-core conventions (legacy sample sheet is still valid)
```

Reviewer: also in other places

Author: Good point, thanks
